# hackathon
Github link of webpage:https://veda28.github.io/hackathon/DSA%20Complete%20Guide.html
Video link: https://youtu.be/Yo2cyUzXUvw 
Presentation link: https://patnanit-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/g/personal/modems_ug20_cse_nitp_ac_in/EQZVkGwTq6tEmk_UzTvMNqkBFSRzw7dWcTRpT2GGdqfHyQ?e=hNw2OK


Sources:
We have used many resources to make our project. Firstly you tube was the main resource .After that we have used various coding websites like Geeks for Geeks, Leetcode ,Interview Bit, Javapoint ,etc  . For  documentation and theory part we have used Geeks for Geeks and Javapoint and for problems we have used Leetcode , Interview Bit and Geeks for Geeks.For practice problemms we collected from DSA bootcamps.
Our project is a thoroughly designed resource for Data Structures. It collects all important documentation and videos of DSA topics available on internet along with practise problems at a single place.  Our idea is to put the best resources of DSA that too topic wise so that it will be helpful for everyone preparing for DSA.  DSA is very important topic for interviews but many students are confused about from where to learn a particular topic and where not we have prepared this website for them. Starting from basic and linear data structure arrays to complex non-linear data structure like graph we have covered all the topics which are asked in interviews of leading tech companies. This would not only save their time which was wasted in searching appropriate resources but also as they will cover the topics their confidence will be boosted. We also have provided the bare minimum and bonus problems .The bare minimum problems consists of standard problems while the bonus problems can be used for further practice. The documentation provided can be used for quick revision one or two day before exam or interviews.
